---
title: 'Struggling to Adulthood'
date: 2021-07-20
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Sentiment Analysis
  - Topic Modeling
  - Emotional Detection
  - Text Mining
---

This project is presented by the Data Project Team of Rye International which collaborates with onomy for market analysis. Our main goal is to provide insights into the current online education market and to decode people’s sentiment around adulting challenges. [Github Repo](https://github.com/RyeInternational/Onomy)

Struggling to Adulthood: Explore Current Online Education Market
------
We analyzed the current online education market and concluded that popular learning platforms like Cousera, Udemy, and YouTube are not providing enough adulting knowledge to meet the needs of young adults today. 
[Click here](https://medium.com/@ryeinternational/struggling-to-adulthood-explore-current-online-education-market-42831ef50490) to view the article.


Struggling to Adulthood: Word Frequency Analysis for Reddit
------
We found that as youth approach adulthood, Roth IRAs, savings and brokerage accounts, emergency funds, credit cards and student loans are at the focal point of people’s struggle for financial independence, while age, the high school experience, mental health and social media are also receiving significant attention.
[Click here](https://medium.com/@ryeinternational/struggling-to-adulthood-word-frequency-analysis-for-reddit-2dbb1a16f78) to view the article.

Struggling to Adulthood: Sentiment Analysis and Topic Modeling for Reddit
------
1. People need advice on the usage of credit cards and ways to improve credit scores. They worry about paying back debt.
2. Current college students hold positive expectations towards adulthood, while recent graduates feel lost after getting independent. The cost of schooling and mental health issues in college also depressed people.
3. Money and housing is the focal point of parental relationships in adulting. Parents who support their children mentally and financially after they become adults usually maintain a good relationship. The same happens for those young adults who have learned how to plan their lives and future from their parents. However, living with parents as an adult often leads to battle, guilt, and depression.
[Click here](https://medium.com/@ryeinternational/struggling-to-adulthood-sentiment-analysis-and-topic-modeling-for-reddit-4f20463ef5da) to view the article.
